GEOMESA-2954 Calculate FSDS filters corresponding to partitions (#2652)
locationtech/geomesa: docs/user/filesystem/commandline.rst

The ``--temp-path`` argument may be useful when working with ``s3`` data, as ``s3`` is slow for incremental writes.

``generate-partition-filters``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Calculate filters that exactly match partitions. This can be used to facilitate exports from another system
directly into the appropriate partition directory.

======================== =========================================================
Argument                 Description
======================== =========================================================
``-p, --path *``         The filesystem root path used to store data
``-f, --feature-name *`` The name of the schema
``-q, --cql``            CQL predicate to determine the partitions to operate on
``--partitions``         Partitions to operate on, subject to the CQL filter
``--no-header``          Suppress the column headers in the output

> ``--config``             Hadoop configuration properties, in the form k=v

Reviewer: Some note; I wonder if it'd be better to say "key=value" instead.

Author: updated

> ``--config``             Hadoop configuration properties, in the form k=v

Author: ```suggestion
``--config``             Hadoop configuration properties, in the form key=value
```
